New: TypeScript on ESLint post (#535)
eslint/eslint.github.io: _posts/2019-01-18-future-typescript-eslint.md

>
>Meanwhile, ESLint already has the more-performant architecture we're looking for from a linter. Additionally, different communities of users often have lint rules (e.g. rules for React Hooks or Vue) that are built for ESLint, but not TSLint.
>
>Given this, our editor team will be focusing on leveraging ESLint rather than duplicating work. For scenarios that ESLint currently doesn't cover (e.g. semantic linting or program-wide linting), we'll be working on sending contributions to bring ESLint's TypeScript support to parity with TSLint. As an initial testbed of how this works in practice, we'll be switching the TypeScript repository over to using ESLint, and sending any new rules upstream.

> We, just like a lot of the JavaScript and TypeScript communities, were very excited about this announcement. Several members of the ESLint team have been working on improving TypeScript compatibility over the past couple of years, including James Henry, Kai Cataldo, Kevin Partington, Toru Nagashima, and Nicholas Zakas. That work focused mainly on the TypeScript parser, [`typescript-eslint-parser`](https://github.com/eslint/typescript-eslint-parser) (and partly on [`eslint-plugin-typescript`](https://github.com/bradzacher/eslint-plugin-typescript), which was not maintained by the ESLint team but had been maintained by Nicholas and James until recently). The Typescript parser would undoubtedly become the centerpiece of the TypeScript-in-ESLint story going forward; as such, we wanted to make sure that it would be properly maintained.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We, just like a lot of the JavaScript and TypeScript communities, were very excited about this announcement. Several members of the ESLint team have been working on improving TypeScript compatibility over the past couple of years, including James Henry, Kai Cataldo, Kevin Partington, Toru Nagashima, and Nicholas Zakas. That work focused mainly on the TypeScript parser, [`typescript-eslint-parser`](https://github.com/eslint/typescript-eslint-parser). However, they also did some work on on [`eslint-plugin-typescript`](https://github.com/bradzacher/eslint-plugin-typescript (which was not maintained by the ESLint team as a whole but had been maintained by Nicholas and James individually until recently). The TypeScript parser will hopefully become the centerpiece of the TypeScript-in-ESLint story going forward, and as such, we wanted to make sure that it would be properly maintained.
```

Reviewer: Looks like I’m just a bit too late. Want me to open a PR with these changes?

>
>Meanwhile, ESLint already has the more-performant architecture we're looking for from a linter. Additionally, different communities of users often have lint rules (e.g. rules for React Hooks or Vue) that are built for ESLint, but not TSLint.
>
>Given this, our editor team will be focusing on leveraging ESLint rather than duplicating work. For scenarios that ESLint currently doesn't cover (e.g. semantic linting or program-wide linting), we'll be working on sending contributions to bring ESLint's TypeScript support to parity with TSLint. As an initial testbed of how this works in practice, we'll be switching the TypeScript repository over to using ESLint, and sending any new rules upstream.

> We, just like a lot of the JavaScript and TypeScript communities, were very excited about this announcement. Several members of the ESLint team have been working on improving TypeScript compatibility of the past couple of year, including James Henry, Kai Cataldo, Kevin Partington, Toru Nagashima, and Nicholas Zakas. That work focused mainly on the TypeScript parser, [`typescript-eslint-parser`](https://github.com/eslint/typescript-eslint-parser) (and partly on [`eslint-plugin-typescript`](https://github.com/bradzacher/eslint-plugin-typescript), which was not maintained by the ESLint team but had been maintained by Nicholas and James until recently). The Typescript parser would undoubtedly become the centerpiece of the TypeScript-in-ESLint story going forward, as such, we wanted to make sure that it would be properly maintained.

Reviewer 2: Minor typos (year --> years, adding a semicolon in one location):

```suggestion
We, just like a lot of the JavaScript and TypeScript communities, were very excited about this announcement. Several members of the ESLint team have been working on improving TypeScript compatibility of the past couple of years, including James Henry, Kai Cataldo, Kevin Partington, Toru Nagashima, and Nicholas Zakas. That work focused mainly on the TypeScript parser, [`typescript-eslint-parser`](https://github.com/eslint/typescript-eslint-parser) (and partly on [`eslint-plugin-typescript`](https://github.com/bradzacher/eslint-plugin-typescript), which was not maintained by the ESLint team but had been maintained by Nicholas and James until recently). The Typescript parser would undoubtedly become the centerpiece of the TypeScript-in-ESLint story going forward; as such, we wanted to make sure that it would be properly maintained.
```

Also, I really haven't done much in typescript-eslint-parser, not 100% sure I deserve a mention here-- but no need to make a change if you don't want to.

> We, just like a lot of the JavaScript and TypeScript communities, were very excited about this announcement. Several members of the ESLint team have been working on improving TypeScript compatibility of the past couple of year, including James Henry, Kai Cataldo, Kevin Partington, Toru Nagashima, and Nicholas Zakas. That work focused mainly on the TypeScript parser, [`typescript-eslint-parser`](https://github.com/eslint/typescript-eslint-parser) (and partly on [`eslint-plugin-typescript`](https://github.com/bradzacher/eslint-plugin-typescript), which was not maintained by the ESLint team but had been maintained by Nicholas and James until recently). The Typescript parser would undoubtedly become the centerpiece of the TypeScript-in-ESLint story going forward, as such, we wanted to make sure that it would be properly maintained.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
We, just like a lot of the JavaScript and TypeScript communities, were very excited about this announcement. Several members of the ESLint team have been working on improving TypeScript compatibility for the past couple of years, including James Henry, Kai Cataldo, Kevin Partington, Toru Nagashima, and Nicholas Zakas. That work focused mainly on the TypeScript parser, [`typescript-eslint-parser`](https://github.com/eslint/typescript-eslint-parser) (and partly on [`eslint-plugin-typescript`](https://github.com/bradzacher/eslint-plugin-typescript), which was not maintained by the ESLint team but had been maintained by Nicholas and James until recently). The Typescript parser would undoubtedly become the centerpiece of the TypeScript-in-ESLint story going forward, as such, we wanted to make sure that it would be properly maintained.
```

Author: Thanks, this was fixed in a previous commit.

> We, just like a lot of the JavaScript and TypeScript communities, were very excited about this announcement. Several members of the ESLint team have been working on improving TypeScript compatibility of the past couple of years, including James Henry, Kai Cataldo, Kevin Partington, Toru Nagashima, and Nicholas Zakas. That work focused mainly on the TypeScript parser, [`typescript-eslint-parser`](https://github.com/eslint/typescript-eslint-parser) (and partly on [`eslint-plugin-typescript`](https://github.com/bradzacher/eslint-plugin-typescript), which was not maintained by the ESLint team but had been maintained by Nicholas and James until recently). The Typescript parser would undoubtedly become the centerpiece of the TypeScript-in-ESLint story going forward; as such, we wanted to make sure that it would be properly maintained.

Reviewer 4: “improving TypeScript compatibility of the past couple of years” -> “improving TypeScript compatibility over the past couple of years”

Reviewer 4: This tense of this sentence feels a little off to me: “The Typescript parser would undoubtedly become the centerpiece of the TypeScript-in-ESLint story going forward; as such, we wanted to make sure that it would be properly maintained.”

Suggested change: “The Typescript parser will undoubtedly become the centerpiece of the TypeScript-in-ESLint story going forward; as such, we want to make sure that it is properly maintained.”

Author: Sounds good.

## Announcing the `typescript-eslint` project

> James Henry, who has long been the driving force behind TypeScript compatibility for ESLint, has started the [`typescript-eslint`](https://github.com/typescript-eslint/typescript-eslint) project as a centralized repository for all things related to TypeScript ESLint compatibility. This will be the new home of the TypeScript parser, `eslint-plugin-typescript`, and any other utilities that will make the TypeScript ESLint experience as seamless as possible.

Reviewer 2: Optional change: A careless read of the last sentence could confuse someone into thinking that `eslint-plugin-typescript` is the TypeScript parser (i.e., that this is an appositive, rather than the second item in the list). I have a suggestion for how that could be disambiguated, but again, this is basically fine as is if the reader spends even a tiny amount of brainpower reading this post.

```suggestion
James Henry, who has long been the driving force behind TypeScript compatibility for ESLint, has started the [`typescript-eslint`](https://github.com/typescript-eslint/typescript-eslint) project as a centralized repository for all things related to TypeScript ESLint compatibility. This will be the new home of the TypeScript parser, the ESLint plugin `eslint-plugin-typescript`, and any other utilities that will make the TypeScript ESLint experience as seamless as possible.
```

> While the ESLint team won't be formally involved in the new project, we are fully supportive of James' efforts and will be keeping lines of communication openly to ensure the best ESLint experience for TypeScript developers.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
While the ESLint team won't be formally involved in the new project, we are fully supportive of James' efforts and will be keeping lines of communication open to ensure the best ESLint experience for TypeScript developers.
```

## What this means going forward

> All of this means a few things that are important to understand:

Reviewer 4: Tone-wise, “important to understand” could be read as being a little pedantic (even though I know that’s not the intention).

I think that this section doesn’t actually need an intro sentence. Just having the header and list seems like it gets the point across just fine.

Author: Sounds good to me.
